This is the colecovision library. It is meant for developing games and other applications for the following video game systems, and makes portability easy.

* ColecoVision
* SG-1000
* SC-3000
* Mark III
* Master System

The library can be build using "make". Different versions will be built for the ColecoVision, and for the Sega consoles.

The most recent version and tutorials can be found at http://www.colecovision.eu.

It consists three parts:

libcv: A low level library to provide access to the video game system hardware from C.
libcvu: A higher-level library that builds on libcv and provides convenience functions. 
demos: Various demo programs showing how to use the library.

Example:
libcv provides functions to set the graphics memory access pointer and different functions to transfer data from/to graphics memory.
libcvu provides a cvu_memtovmemcpy(), which copies data from memory to graphics memory. It takes three arguments: Destination, pointer to source, number of bytes to copy. It uses libcv to set the graphics memory acces pointer and selects the correct data transfer function depending on current screen mode.

All libcv and libcvu functions are documented in the header files.

The implementation of some libcv and libcvu functions is hand-optimized assembler.


© 2006-2016 Philipp Klaus Krause

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA

